hey I show y'all the shop till real
quick
the shop tip for today is this old piece
of angle iron right here y'all see
that's the same it's it's not a tapered
angle iron it's a 38 thick and it's a
it's a straight it's a straight leg it's
about four inches it's heavy that's
right here I've used it for every time
if I one of the best things that this
thing's hold this clamp to you what
table the you sport right neck is I need
to grind the edge of this medal so the
way that is to that right and the other
one go in the other end and this edge
right here is proud of the edge on the
Hang Lorne and you can get a you find
that hey you thought I was gonna make
sparks knitting you ah it's just a shot
pill for today works really good we
miles away
that's what we do it here on these
coasts of Arkansas time to drag them up
when you see this hanging maytag stand
the freedom model the skeleton this
hanging maytag stand the freedom this is
the freedom model i wanted to show you
the skeleton the inside of it what we're
doing and i have put these here blocks
between the two these are quarter each d
it has blocks between them grid grid
design probably could leave it like that
and it would be perfectly strong enough
what I'm doing now is these I'm feeling
filling in go to box it in and I was a
bending some hello what I'll do the
weight the way we gonna do this I will
start with a little little split stitch
whale right here one on each side to
lock it into place then I will use the
seat clamps break it on top here and
I'll clamp it together put another
little stitch wailed and just come right
on around until I've got it stitched
about ever each or half inch apart
coming on around it will be welded solid
all the way around both sides then I
will grind it flush with the plant went
the side here then I will grind it flat
this away and that will give me a sharp
corner right here
but it's the way it's blocked up there
everything isn't ruined let's say it's
plumb the way that I arrived at that
this is a buck wailed right here and
right here the way this worked out with
the amount of metal that I used I had
two wells at exactly the same place it's
really not that's not a good idea i
advise against you don't be doing that
even though I don't eat here the white
involved here we did not warrant to any
other procedure I did between where the
well was that halfway a quarter inch
piece of metal on the inside four of
them and welded them oh it's going to be
strong oh it's going to be strong d I'll
do the inside rolling around weld it up
solid grid work on the inside will be
welded there's several of them will have
them by labor for each is apart once I
get this part here done and everything
true and in plum then i will start like
in this area weld here weld here and
just roll it the outside pretty easy
just roll it around welding it as i go
on both sides just pull it right on
around all the way to here one piece
will make the outside roll all we gonna
get her done the next time you see it
the freedom model are we getting her
done here on east coast of arkansas
you